Elaborate on the calendar types (#39012)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/supportedvaluesof/index.md

| `indian`           | Indian calendar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `islamic`          | Hijri calendar, unspecified algorithm (As of April 2025, this is an astronomical simulation whose parameters are undocumented and that is not known to match a specific Hijri calendar variant from non-software context. For well-specified results, use one of the three specific variants below.) |
| `islamic-umalqura` | Hijri calendar, Umm al-Qura (uses KACST-calculated months from the start of 1300 AH to the end of 1600 AH and falls back to `islamic-civil` outside that range)                                                                                                                                      |

> | `islamic-tbla`     | Hijri calendar, tabular/rule-based with leap year rule II and Thursday/astronomical epoch (leap years 2,5,7,10,13,16,18,21,24,26,29 in the 30-year cycle (1-based numbering), epoch starts on July 15, 622 Julian / 0622-07-18 ISO)                                                                  |

Reviewer: I would split the parenthesised clarifications 

```suggestion
| `islamic-tbla`     | Hijri calendar, tabular/rule-based with leap year rule II (leap years 2,5,7,10,13,16,18,21,24,26,29 in the 30-year cycle (1-based numbering)) and Thursday/astronomical epoch (July 15, 622 Julian / 0622-07-18 ISO)                                                                  |
```

| `islamic-civil`    | Hijri calendar, tabular/rule-based with leap year rule II and Friday/civil epoch (leap years 2,5,7,10,13,16,18,21,24,26,29 in the 30-year cycle (1-based numbering), epoch starts on July 16, 622 Julian / 0622-07-19 ISO)                                                                           |
| `iso8601`          | ISO calendar (variant of the Gregorian calendar with some region-dependent week and formatting parameters made region-independent)                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `japanese`         | Japanese Imperial calendar (this calendar adds an era for each new emperor, so the output year and era for a future date may not match the input year and era when your code runs on a future engine version)                                                                                        |

Reviewer: could add that this uses Gregorian months, days, and leap years, and uses Gregorian eras before the first emperor

Author: I didn't add a note about past eras, because the spec proposals saying particular things about past eras is not yet matched by shipped browsers.

As for months, days, and leap years, this table does not go that level of explanation for `buddhist` or `roc`, either.

| `persian`          | Persian calendar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `roc`              | Republic of China calendar                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> The types below are specified in CLDR but do not have back ends distinct from the above calendars in browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The types below are specified in CLDR but do not have implementations distinct from the above calendars in browsers.
```

| Value                            | Description                           | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `islamicc` {{deprecated_inline}} | Civil (algorithmic) Arabic calendar.  | This is an alias for `islamic-civil` and therefore is not returned by `supportedValuesOf()`. Use `islamic-civil` instead.                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: `islamic-civil` and `islamic-tbla` are also "civil (algorithmic) Arabic calendars". I don't think this necessarily needs a description, I would treat is as an alias on the subtag level without any semantics.

> | `islamic-rgsa`                   | Hijri calendar, Saudi Arabia sighting | Browsers neither have historical sighting data nor a forward-looking astronomical simulation for this calendar. As of April 2025, this calendar results in the same behavior as `islamic`. See `islamic-umalqura` for a Mecca-based astronomical calculation. |

Reviewer: this makes it sound like sightings could be precomputed and we're just not trying hard enough, when really the reason we cannot predict this is because a "sighting" is a declaration by some authority
